Feature/add chainlink (#322)
scroll-tech/scroll-documentation: src/content/tools/en/chainlink.mdx

---
name: "Chainlink"
category: ["Oracle", "Bridge"]
excerpt: ""
logo: { src: "https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1800426318099595264/N7yf_kOD_400x400.jpg", alt: "Chainlink Logo" }
website: "https://chain.link/"
network: ["Mainnet", "Testnet"]
---

> You can find contract addresses for Chainlink on [Scroll Mainnet](https://docs.chain.link/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find contract addresses for Chainlink for Scroll Mainnet and Scroll Sepolia testnet:

- [LINK Token Contracts for Scroll](https://docs.chain.link/resources/link-token-contracts#scroll)
- [L2 Sequencer Data Feeds](https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/l2-sequencer-feeds#available-networks)
- [Price Feed Addresses for Scroll](https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/price-feeds/addresses?network=scroll&page=1)

```

Reviewer 2: Can you merge in this change? And hten I can approve
